Add training loop to docs (#1488)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/training/training.md

* A collection of data points that will be provided to the objective function.
* An [optimiser](optimisers.md) that will update the model parameters appropriately.

Training a model is typically an iterative process, where we go over the data set,
calculate the objective function over the datapoints, and optimise that.
This can be visualised in the form of a simple loop.

```julia
for d in datapoints

  # `d` should produce a collection of arguments
  # to the loss function

  # Calculate the gradients of the parameters
  # with respect to the loss function
  grads = Flux.gradient(parameters) do
    loss(d...)
  end

  # Update the parameters based on the chosen
  # optimiser (opt)
  Flux.Optimise.update!(opt, parameters, grads)
end
```

To make it easy, Flux defines `train!`:

```@docs
Flux.Optimise.train!
```

> There are plenty of examples in the [model zoo](https://github.com/FluxML/model-zoo), and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the loop above, `train!` expects the data to be [iterable](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/interfaces/#man-interface-iteration). Most default collections Julia, like `Array`s, are iterable.

There are plenty more examples in the [model zoo](https://github.com/FluxML/model-zoo), and
```

Author: We already mention and demonstrate the iteration twice in the couple lines above, do we need it again here?

Reviewer: People unfamiliar to Julia may not realize that the syntax `for x in xs` requires the iteration interface. The suggestion was made to make understanding the resulting method error easier for new users.
